How to replicate what I've done ===============================

Here's how I made this file. Please note many of the tools I used are on
the Mac but I'm sure you can take the basic concepts and figure out what
tools you need to use. I will also be using the Terminal on OS X ...not
sure how to translate for the PC. Again the concepts should be the same.

1) Get for your self a decent MPQ Extractor. I used MPQ Extractor as on
the Mac I have not been successful in finding a MPQ listing utility
(which would be better).

2) Go into the World of Warcraft folder under the Data folder.

3) Extract every mpq you find there. This may take a bit of time :D

4) Make sure all this data you're extracting is outside the wow folders
, just to make things neater. To be safe work on backups on the mpq
files that you've made.

5) Get everything organised into a single folder and do a listing where
you get the full path for every file there. I did this in the OS X
Terminal with the command "find * >~/desktop/output.txt". You should
have a file with on each line a full path to a file encoded in the MPQ
files somewhere.

6) Remove the names and paths to each MPQ file. EG
"common/sound/ambience/ghoststate.wav" becomes
"sound/ambience/ghoststate.wav"

7) Extract all lines containing .wav files , copying the result to a new
file and deleting the matching lines in the orginal.

8) Extract all lines containing .mp3 files, copying the result to a new
file and deleting the matching lines in the orginal.

9) Continue extacting all other file extensions until the original file
has no lines in it. This is to ensure any new sound file extensions
Blizzard starts to use aren't missed.

10) Change everything to uppercase then Lowercase & Remove all
duplicates. Be careful here as there is a lichking.mpq folder as well as
a LichKing folder under /Sound/Creature that gets extracted and a few
sounds with LichKing in their name.

11) Merge both outputs together in one file

12) Replace the slashes with double backslashes.
"sound/ambience/ghoststate.wav" becomes
"sound\\ambience\\ghoststate.wav"

13) Prefix each line with /script PlaySoundFile("

14) Suffix each line with ")

15) Test Random strings 16) Send beta version off to my beta checker who
will check for duplicates I've missed.

Note that for steps 6 onwards I used TextWrangler an excellent tool on
the Mac :D . I'm sure you can find an alternative if need me (it's Mac
only)

The function call PlaySoundFile can't be lowercase else it will not run.

In Step 5 add ".MPQ" to end of the folder that gets extracted from each
MPQ EG "lichking" folder becomes "lichking.MPQ" and "common-2" becomes
"common-2.MPQ" . This is to make things easier in step 6

To assist with step 9 filter on the dot. Most every useful file will
have a file extension this will pull all those out.